Have those bullet points in your head. Then you write on those. How do you do it? I will show you. Keep it on your phone.

It's all voice notes and transcripts. Okay? So because of your time, you don't have the time to sit and actually write. So you need somebody that you can talk to for hours.

Hours on. Hey, I need an hour. Block out an hour for me. I got some stuff I want to talk to you about, kev. What?

What's that? All right. Book title ideas. Subtitle ideas. My dedications, my introductions.

Within my introductions, these are all powerful paragraphs of things that I've just said that are now transcript. I get to go back and read it. Let me see here. There's no conversation at all. I'm going to read one of them.

No conversation at all. And that's what the Internet has allowed people to do. Internet has allowed people to skip steps one through 30, has allowed people to jump straight to 100. Fuck you. Cut a job off.

Take them down, you should be dead. Oh, God. Fucking can't stand this. Whatever the hater, the anger is, okay? When I listen and I can change.

I'm not that guy. We're doing these weird things now that people aren't taking the time to sit and think through. What I've understood is that what people are doing has nothing to do with me. I should always be a step ahead because I'm thinking differently, because I'm thinking about myself. Making myself better puts me in a position to make others better.

Be the example, not the problem. The best way to take away the problem is to alienate yourself from it. These are just thoughts. This is fucking thoughts I can go through and just read it. This is a.

So you just have these philosophies, the way you live your life, and you just speak it. That's it. Just speak it. Damn. So now this is all transcript.

Look how long this is. That's incredible. This is all fucking transcript. This is all. So I just go back throughout the day and I read it and I say, this is great.

This makes sense. This didn't let me reword this. Let me make sure that it's all flowing together. And at the end of the day, what's my reason for the book? My reason for the book is to make people better.

My reason for the book is to make people understand, yo, we all are great. We all should think that we're great. There's no reason for you to not think that you're great. If you don't.

